Dear diary. I have been traveling for several days now, and have lost my bearings. It has been days since I departed the last village I visited, but luckily I am no stranger to adventure, and I have stockpiled provisions so I will be fine for quite some time to come.

Dear diary. I have ventured into a rather dense forest. I am pretty sure that on the other side is the civilization I seek. I'm going to set up camp high up in the trees to be safe from these pesky zombies that always seem to find me. For as dense as this forest is, it seems to be strangely devoid of your typical nasty creatures that lurk in the shadows. I can only hope that this is a positive sign.

Dear diary. Last night I was disturbed in my sleep by some unfamiliar noises. I swear it sounded like coins being tossed into piles. But coins have no business of being in an otherwise deserted forest, so this must be my imagination running wild. It has been a few days since I last had a proper dinner.

Dear diary. The noises came back last night, and this time I was able to discover a bit more. Remember those ridiculous stories from over-imaginative travellers at taverns around the world? About the supposed little green Leprechauns hoarding their riches, only to have their stashes disclosed by giant multicolored arches in the sky? Yeah, they might have been on to something, because what I just witnessed struck an uncanny resemblance to those tales.

Dear diary. It's been several days since my discovery, and from what I can tell much of the stories about these so-called Leprechauns is true. My mind is slowly going from lack of food though, but I still have enough to survive for a few days more. Meanwhile I am writing down as many details as I can in the back of my notebook so that I can replicate the tricks I've witnessed and finally be able to settle down! At least they are not on to me yet, thanks to my ability to be practically invisible. Who knew that skill would one day prove to be valuable?

Dear diary. I have discovered all that I can, and I really need to be able to find my way back to the nearest village. Tomorrow, I will start my travels to the nearest village to replenish, I have definitely felt better. My supplies have run out, and I must be careful making my escape to not get caught. I'm confident my notes are detailed enough so that I can reclaim all of the stuff the Leprechauns have stolen. I can't trust any of the villagers with anything though, so I will hide my notes under this tree here where they will be safe from prying eyes.
